Derek Miller Rhetta Bornean impressive
stuff just doing my duty
spoken like a true soldier I'm sure you
recognize your old friend the partner
knife again put a bullet in my back
she's been raising hell all over the
globe for the past two years
last week partner stole a piece of
technology that's how I change the world
I need you and your team on this one hey
we're doing my way no questions asked
I'm good all right we got your back
[Music]
not loving spot boss
partner he's coming here if you want to
survive we're gonna have to work
together just remember we have all the
manpower and all the leverage yeah he's
using my daughter to get to me
you got kids Miller just go get my Luger
let's do this
come out now wherever you want
you truly do not know when to quit
[Music]
I got your back soldier
you